### 550
- The growth of the economy has been slow this year.
- Children need proper nutrition for healthy growth
- Many people believe in God.
- The ancient Greeks believed in many gods and goddesses.
- She aced the quiz with a perfect score.
- They gave a pop quiz in the math class.
- He lowered his voice, so no one cloud hear.
- The price of oil has been lowered.
- The car has four wheels.
- He used a wheelbarrow to move the heavy load.
- He has great skill as a woodworker.
- Learning a new language (takes) time and skill.
- She sliced the watermelon into pieces.
- Watermelon is a refreshing summer fruit.
- She is fluent in English and Spanish. 
- The speaker was fluent and confident.
- Don't forget to vote for the upcoming election. (Incoming 通常指「即將到達」或「正在進來的」東西或人。incoming calls" (來電)、"incoming flights" (即將到達的航班)。Upcoming 通常指「即將發生的」或「即將到來的」事件或活動。"upcoming events" (即將舉行的活動)、"upcoming movie" (即將上映的電影)。)
- The staff at the hotel were very friendly.
- She greeted her new neighbor with a friendly smile.
- She has a poster of her favorite idol on her wall.
- Many teenager have idols they look up to.
- The library is a great resource for research.
- She has a funny sense of humor.

### 555
- The cake has multiple layers. ("Many" 通常讓人感覺數量更大，而 "Multiple" 則表示多於一個但可能沒有那麼多。"Multiple" 更多見於技術或正式的語境，而 "Many" 則較為通用，可以用在日常對話中。)
- The atmosphere has a layer of pollution.
- He went to the hardware store for tools.
- The hardware store sells painting supplies. (sell 是動詞，指販售、銷售，sale 是名詞，指特價、促銷)
- I have to go to the grocery store.
- The grocery store has a sale on produce.
- The layout of the room was spacious.(spacious 寬敞的，large 強調物體空間尺寸或體積巨大)
- The magazine's layout is visually appealing.
- I made a reservation at the restaurant.
- The hotel was fully booked, no reservation available (available 為形容詞)
- I have a great appetite on sushi.
- The medication decreased my appetite.
- The boat came with a life vest for safety.
- The flight attendant demonstrated how to use the life vest.
- The accident happened at the intersection.
- The intersection of art and science.
- Can we have leftovers for lunch?
- She put leftovers in the fridge.
- The apartment has a balcony with a view.
- She sat on the balcony to enjoy the sunset.
- Taking the shortcut will save time.
- The computer shortcut for copy and paste.
- They moved to the suburbs for a quieter life.
- The suburbs is known for their spacious homes.
- The painting sold for 1 million at the auction.
- The estate was sold at the public auction.
- make sure you know where the fire extinguisher is in case of emergency.
- The building had several fire extinguisher on each floor.
- The job description was very detailed.
- The real estate listing had a detailed description of the property.
- The two events are not related.
- They are related by blood.
- He works in the electronic department at the store.
- My dad likes to tinker with electronics.
- I am certain that I left my keys on the kitchen counter.
- There is a certain charm to the old-fashion dinners.
- The community came together to clean up the park.
- Our school is part of the a larger community.
- This is a special occasion, so dress up!
- We only see each other on rare occasions.
- I like to sit on the porch and watch the sunset.
- The porch needs a new coat of paint.
- We celebrated our 10th anniversary with a trip to Europe.
- Their wedding anniversary is next week.

Question:
- With child components able to signal to their parent that an action has taken place, this establishes a clear and effective means of communication between parent and child components.

- With useReducer, state updates
have descriptive action types, which help make it easier to trace where and how state changes occur.

- An action is dispatched, often as a result of some user interaction, like clicking a button.


My mother sent me to learn swimming when I was a child. I feel relaxing and peaceful when I swim, so I like it very much. Since then, swimming has become a habit.That's why I like swimming.

