- A woman is watering plants.
- where is the grand opening going to take place?
grand 盛大的

- Bicycles are leaning against the wall.
against 緊貼著

- Do we get off at the next station or the one after that?
- The boat is being loaded with cargo.
- Who is in charge of informing everyone of the schedule change?
- I will transfer you to my administrative assistant.
administrative assistant 行政助理

- Do you mind sending someone to help me with my luggage?
- Your office number has changed, hasn't it?
- A 15% discount applies to this copy machine.
- When is your flight expected to take off?
be expected to 片語, 表示預計的意思

- The file cabinet is being assembled.
being assembled 正在被組裝中

- Why did chloe leave the meeting earlier yesterday?
- They are standing in line in front of the service window.
- Do you offer a inter-bank transfer service?
inter-bank transfer 跨行轉帳
- I am wondering if the general manager has signed the documents yet.
general manager 總經理

- The photography contest is suggested to be held to promote our camera sales.
contest 比賽

- I bought a coffee maker just the other day, but I think it may be defective.
the other day 前幾天
defective 瑕疵  

- The next interview starts at 1:30, so we should have plenty of time to revise the contract during lunchtime.
- Eugene is going to be the senior manager of human resources at the head office.
head office 總部, senior manager of human resources 資深人事經理

- I am going to make a presentation in the same auditorium as you did this morning. Do you have any suggestion?
auditorium 禮堂

- The information brochure is a bit more complex than I thought it would be.

- We can definitely increase the sales by changing the packaging of the products.
the packaging of the products 產品包裝

- As many of you know, the parade for the National Day celebration is this saturday.
parade 遊行活動

- I called this morning and spoke to a very helpful service technician.
technician 技術人員

- I would like to rescheduled my appointment for teeth cleaning this Thursday.

- Can you review your draft of the flyer and send it to me by the end of the day?
draft of the flyer 傳單的草稿

- The front door on the second floor which is automatic is clearly malfunctioning, I would try to get a repair person to fix it today.
malfunctioning 故障

- The laptop comes with a two-year warranty, but for another $20 you can extend it to five years. would you like to do it?
comes with two-year warranty 帶有兩年保固

- If the first presenter doesn't show up within the next 30 minutes, we should come up with an alternative and move someone up.
show up within 30 minutes 在30分鐘內出現, come up with an alternative 想出替代方案, move someone up 把某人往上調
